what? I'm trying to recruit new team members or interviewing individual.
One thing I wanna know is, Are they teachable? Are they humble? Are
they teachable? Are they willing to take, uh, instruction? Because
very few people come into an organization or into a certain situation,
truly prepared for what they're getting themselves into. And so
if they have the base line characteristics or baseline skills that
they need, whether that's education, whether that's training or experience,
they meet that. And then I need them to be flexible. I need
them to be agile and humble and how they go about getting to the level
where they could be in active member of our team.